morning julia hi rebecca
you going away i'm going to my parents
for the weekend
my sister's picking me up at quarter
past nine when are you getting back
we're having a big family dinner on
sunday evening it's my father's birthday
so i'm going straight into work on
monday
[Music]
you sound happy do i perhaps i'm falling
in love
what are you serious yes i think so
who is it what's he like well he's very
good looking
and he's got lovely eyes what does he do
come on julia who is it
he works for a tv company really do i
know
him in fact he's probably on tv right
now
you're watching the local weekend news
on apex tv
i'm gary fenton it's 9 15.
[Music]
oh there's cindy bye julia i'll see you
on monday
well what do you think oh
well here i am in north asheville on a
cool saturday morning
on saturday mornings charlie and molly
craddock usually go shopping
she's going out with someone and he
works here hmm
who is it carrie
no yes
[Laughter]
what's she giggling about it's julia
you'll never guess but she's going out
with gary
nonsense julia's got more sense than
that it's true she told me on saturday
oh we'll never mind that what time am i
meeting frederick today oh he phoned to
say that he can't make it
could you call him on his mobile he's at
the house of commons
[Music]
oh gary gary
julia are you doing anything this
evening
yes i am i'm going out are you going out
tomorrow too
no i'm not staying in and watching a
video with rebecca
what about wednesday look what is this
gary what do you want
oh come on julia don't be shy
i know your little secret secret what
secret
you know what do i know oh come on you
know
don't you
[Music]
anything for me you are
i'm going to put my feet up it's been a
long day
this will be from my sister she works in
hong kong
talking of families are you working this
weekend just saturday
i'm going to my parents for the weekend
would you like to come over on sunday
they'd love to meet you
sure what time why don't you come over
about three and stay for dinner in the
evening
okay oh how do i get there i'll give you
a map
nope i've got my personal organizer
well the easiest way is to take the
london road to kingston
there's a big asda supermarket just
before you get to the center of kingston
you go past asda and take the first
turning on the right
there's a post office on the corner
first on the right
okay go down there till you come to the
second set of traffic lights
turn left there and you'll see a pub
called the black bull
on the right turn right and gloucester
avenue is the
third road on the left number 29.
turn right by the black ball
and third left 29
got it
morning dude you want some breakfast yes
please
morning dad do you have to do that now
you said you wanted it mending are we
going shopping today
no not today do you remember old mrs
burns
i'm taking her to stay with her daughter
this morning where does the daughter
live
in one of those little roads near king
george square we can go shopping
tomorrow
it's more convenient on sunday mornings
anyway because there aren't so many
people
don't forget tim's coming tomorrow we'll
be back in time
when i was driving home yesterday i saw
these two kids
they were running out of a news agents
and the owner was running after them
the kids ran right in front of my car
and i nearly hit them
but that wasn't the worst thing when
they turned around
do you know what it was jason and kylie
tim barnes what
when where
thank you a robbery at a jeweler shop in
king george square
here we are mrs burns oh
there's another police car i wonder
what's happening
oh dear there's nowhere to park
well i'll just stop here it won't be
long
turn right here that'll be the quickest
way
[Applause]
oh
come on you're blocking the street we
won't be a minute
can't you move any faster
allow me it'll be quicker
well really
[Music]
[Applause]
there you are mom so what happened
well when we got there i couldn't find
anywhere to park
so i stopped in the middle of the street
while i was helping mrs burns
out of the car another car pulled up
behind me
and the driver of the car beeped his
horn at me
some people and poor old mrs burns can't
move very fast
so while we were walking to her door the
young man started
shouting at us that's terrible and then
he grabbed the suitcases from the car
and he just dumped them on the pavement
how rude but you know
i'm sure i've seen him somewhere before
[Music]
[Applause]
tim will be here soon it isn't usually
as busy as that on a sunday is it dear
no dear i'll take these in
that's him that's his car
what dear excuse me i'd like a word with
you
hi do you two know each other
well this is the rude young man that i
was telling you about
oh dear mom
dad this is tim
pleased to meet you
[Music]
yes mother if i have time i'll try to go
shopping at lunchtime
yes i'll buy some apples no
i won't buy any pears i know you don't
like them
now have we got any coffee well go and
look
and then ring me back
yes mother oh i'm sorry i was expecting
another call
what can i do for you
yes i have seen the program i saw it
last night
no no i don't think the programs are too
violent
i'm afraid i can't agree with that
she's on the phone tim
have you done that program about the
health farm yet
no we haven't we're still looking for
someone to go there so that we can film
their experiences
i've always wanted to go to a health
farm but you're already fit and healthy
and we need someone who's unfit and
stressed out
stupid man
rebecca have those tapes arrived i'm
afraid they won't be here till next week
next week that's too late get me
frederick
he's gone to rio and he won't be back
till monday
oh give me strength what do you want
him hello rebecca bond speaking
just a minute please it's your mother
again
yes all right mother
yes i'll get some coffee
what no mother i haven't hidden your
glasses
no i can't come home and look for them
goodbye i need a break
[Applause]
welcome to westland manor health and
fitness center mrs mckay
my name's celine and i'm your personal
consultant
have you ever stayed here before no i
haven't and how long will you be with us
about a week i see well first we'll do
some of our regular tests and then we
can work out your personal fitness
programme
so would you like to follow me
[Music]
so you finish your tests and celine has
worked out a program for you
now it's time for your evening meal meal
you call this a meal a bit of lettuce a
few nuts and some fruit
they won't let me have any biscuits or
ice cream or chocolate
can you have any wine or beer i can't
even have a cup
of tea or coffee this is my drink a
glass of water
i used to be a war correspondent you
know and i had some hard times
but i always had a good meal at the end
of the day with meat and cheese
not this this rabbit food
and cut that was great martha
that's it for today sean right where
should we go for a meal
i'm starving let's try that pub down the
road i fancy a nice big steak and a
plate full of chips
tim i won't forget this
it's 9 30 and martha is starting her
exercise program
in the gym
that's it swing those arms
swing those arms
[Music]
[Applause]
ah
okay another 10 minutes and it's time
for lunch
and then at half past two we're going
jogging
jogging i've never been jogging in my
life
oh how did you talk me into this tim
[Music]
yes okay bye then
yes love you too
[Music]
i used to play with this band you know
oh yeah
draw some more french fries i've had
enough sure
oh quick here they come
so martha how do you feel
[Music]
i have never felt worse
i have done some difficult things in my
life
i've slept in airports in fields even in
the street
i've traveled for three days on a camel
i've eaten snakes
and insects but this
this is just too much and what's the
next thing on your program
the next thing on my program you'll see
first i think i'll make a phone call can
i borrow your mobile
[Applause]
sure
mother i'm coming home
hey stop laughter
[Music]
anything interesting how about going to
the theater
what's on waiting for godot i'd like to
see that
okay well how about tomorrow
no i'm working on tuesday and wednesday
evening this week
let's go on thursday then all right
are you going to get the tickets yes you
forgot them last time
i couldn't help it the job came up at
the last minute hmm
i've heard that story before
aren't you going to aerobics class not
this week the instructors hurt her knee
are you going out yes we're going to the
theater to see waiting for godot
what's the time ten past seven oh no
i'm going to be late tim will already be
at the theater by now
hello 823846 rebecca
it's tim is julia there it's tim
i'm sorry tim i'll be with you in 10
minutes
well um i'm not at the theater actually
i'm afraid something's come up and i've
got to deal with it oh that's wonderful
so what am i going to do with the
tickets i don't know
i'm sorry but i have to go bye
what's up you can't make it again
this is the third time he's done
something like this last time he forgot
to get the tickets
the time before that his jeep had a flat
tire
do you fancy going to the theater oh yes
i've always wanted to see waiting for
godot
well we're better than waiting for tim
hi you mind if i join you
oh here comes the worker
did you go to see that play yes thanks
it's very good wasn't it rebecca
excellent i really enjoyed it i'm sorry
i can't make it
work comes first every time a time i
hope you're not going to do anything
like this tomorrow night it's my friend
charlotte's party
except um i've agreed to stand in for
pete riley tomorrow so i probably won't
be free till about 9 30.
would you mind going on your own and
i'll meet you there
all right but don't be too late
i was so embarrassed but there was
nobody else to do the interview
everybody asked about you
i hear you've got a new bloke julia
where's your new boyfriend julia is here
it's so embarrassing
it's not funny you wouldn't like it if i
stood you up
but it's my job you know what it's like
i can't help it if something important
comes up
something important so i'm not important
didn't mean that there are other things
in life besides work you know
i've got a job too but i'm not a slave
to it but you
you'd miss your own wedding if something
important came up
no i wouldn't well i'm fed up with it
tim
and i'm not going to put up with it
anymore
it won't happen again
i promise
are you doing anything this evening i'm
having dinner with julia and her parents
and this time i'm not going to be late
you're listening to radio 591 this is
the local news
we're getting reports of a serious fire
at the southgate's furniture factory
we haven't got any more details yet but
we'll bring them to you as soon as we
get them
the southgate place it's about 15
minutes from here
but what about your deal with julia
that's not till half past eight
that traffic light is going to turn room
oh no police car
hello sean
at the police station speeding but the
police don't arrest people with speeding
going through a red light arguing with a
police officer
resisting arrest i don't believe this
just one question sean
why was he speeding in the first place
i see thank you
shall we eat
[Applause]
anyway the prime minister asked so are
we waiting for frederick
and martha said i hope not he's going to
be in china till next week
[Applause]
[Laughter]
so blimey where did you spend the night
julia i don't talk to me tim
but i i don't want anything more to do
with you i've had enough
we're finished
what are you staring at
tim barnes
i've got two tickets to see romeo and
juliet tomorrow
oh really what would you say if i asked
you to come with me
what would i say gary i'd say thank you
i'd love to go
have i got an appointment with frederick
now he's in moscow i can get him on his
mobile if you want
no it's all right what on earth is the
matter with julia
i had to tell her something three times
haven't you heard
she and tim have split up and sean says
that tim's just the same
what do you mean they had to film
something 10 times this morning because
tim couldn't remember his lines
that's not like tim i know and julia
hasn't smiled for days
oh you can't work with people like that
i've seen it too many times and it
always causes problems
we'll have to do something about it
i'm sorry about this morning sean it's
all right
it's julian i've tried to explain she
just won't listen
i'm sure you'll be able to sort things
out maybe
she's gonna have to make the first move
she broke it off look
she'll have to come past here when she
leaves why don't you just say hello to
her
that isn't too difficult is it
same again
why should i make the first move it was
all his fault you don't have to do
anything really
he's over there just say hello to him
when you leave maybe
anyway i'm going now bye bye
you still okay for romeo and juliet
tonight what
oh um i suppose so great i'll pick you
up about quarter seven
yes okay gary see you later then
anderson panini can he do anything
anderson again and there's the grant
what a goal
it's 2-1 with less than a minute on the
clock
julia i'm sorry please forgive me
oh tim i love you
julia
julian julia
what oh
sorry are you okay you're miles away
i was just thinking about something
nothing important
well here we are home again
thank you for this evening gary i
enjoyed the play
aren't you going to ask me in for a cup
of coffee
no gary it's late and i won't be able to
get up in the morning
just a good night kiss then no gary just
good night
oh sweet julia just one kiss for your
poor romeo
silly oh my uncle oh
how's your ankle i think it's all right
will you be able to drive oh yeah yes
i'll be fine good night
[Music]
[Applause]
10 bonds
what where are you
frankfurt
oh i'm sorry i'm working today
no it's all right i can change that no
really
what time do you get to london 10 45
okay i'll be there
see you later
hi pete it's tim sorry to bother you so
early but i've got a bit of a problem
can you cover for me today
cheers
[Music]
what are you doing i've just seen tim i
thought he was going in late today but
he seemed to be in a hurry
i suppose something important has come
up
how was your date with gary don't
it's ask to see you lovely to see you
too tim
what are you doing here i've got an
interview next week for a new job
why didn't you let me know before i
didn't know myself until yesterday
and all the flights were fully booked i
was lucky to get this one
anyway i wanted to give you a surprise
well you certainly did that
now what would you like to do today oh i
don't know really i'm a bit
tired
where is it i put it here yesterday i
know i did
oh no julia
julia come on now it's okay i'll be all
right
you'll have to sort things out with him
you know you can't go on like this
do you want me to talk to him no i'll go
and see him when we get home
if he's there martha said he's taking a
few days off
[Music]
[Applause]
again later on so i said if i were you
i'd write a letter to the managing
director but he said
what's the matter
[Applause]
[Music]
i've had a really nice day just a minute
denise i'll introduce you to my
neighbors
can i wait till tomorrow i feel a bit
tired now
jet lag okay we can call in at the wine
bar tomorrow evening
i'm sure they'll be there
can i have a word please of course julia
what's the problem
can i move to another department a
transfer
but why you're doing so well here it's
it's personal tim i suppose
haven't you two made it up yet
but you were made for each other when
you get to my age you can see these
things
well if you really want to transfer i'll
talk to frederick when he gets back from
russia
but i'll be sorry to lose you
i'll just go to the loo
[Music]
hi
where's your girlfriend what didn't take
you long to find one
it didn't take me long what about you
last night you were kissing and cuddling
him in the street
i wasn't you were i went out to get a
pizza and when i was coming back i saw
you
i wasn't cuddling gary he had fallen
over and twisted his ankle i was helping
him isn't that right gary
[Music]
well i didn't know i'm back are these
your friends
yes let me introduce everyone this is um
gary
sean rebecca and julia
this is denise my sister
hello hi hi your sister
your sister why didn't you say you
didn't give me a chance
there's a free table over there
now number one how do you pronounce this
one
is it mitta no it's not
mitta it's mister
with s in the middle mister
mister you can have
a dot after r
or okay without dot that he's do okay
mr mr is the title usually
comes before a man a man's last name
uh or maybe his
first name and last name together
mr mister
for number two
experience don't say experience
our ex experience is
x remember with s
x here and this is ear
experience experience
experience is the understanding the
skills or
the knowledge that you have after
a period of time you study
or you learn x
remember s experience experience and
remember
c e at the end we pronounced
experience experience
for number three
number three this is experiment
here still remember s
in the middle experiment
don't pronounce experiment okay
is experiment
experience and experiment
experiment if you are doing an
experiment that means you are doing a
test you know
a scientific test to um
to see what's going to happen or maybe
to learn
or gain new knowledge experiment
number four
don't say kali okay or colleague
is ca lich
ge at the end we pronounce
so college college
for number five don't
misunderstanding between this one
uh this is college
but this one
g u e at the end we pronounce
ga remember g e we pronounce
j but g u e
go so this is called league
long e okay colleague colleague
colleague is actually your co-worker
the person you work with usually you are
in the same profession or in the same
business
colleague so remember this is
college this is colleague
for number six
thirty thirty don't say
thirty okay or thirty
is third thirty
thirty thirty you know the number
three all together 20 30 40.
remember th we have to put
our tongue between the teeth
so 30. you can pronounce
t here t here is not stress so you can
pronounce
t ori the same 30
or 30. for number seven
here is the difference between 30
is thirsty thirsty
if you are thirsty that means
you really want to drink water
thirsty remember th
this tea
some people will pronounce thirty
authority
okay is it's not correct remember
thir t thirsty
or t here not stress you can pronounce
d so thursday thirsty
so remember here 30 known as
30 this one thirsty
thirsty number eight
number eight thursday
thursday thursday is a day
of the week we have monday tuesday
wednesday and thursday thursday
is the fourth day of the week
thursday remember here th
third and remember s here
lot of you will forget in the middle
usually people will pronounce per day or
or maybe thursday remember as thursday
thursday number nine
uh number nine and number ten usually
you pronounce the same tree like that
it's not okay this is t
r is not g or not
three is
three this is tree
and this one number ten
three remember th
and r
three three